README.md, before:

teh internets - When Memes Attack
=================================

teh internets is a (cyber)space shooter of epic proportions, written in Objective-C using cocos2d-iphone. It'd available in the iOS App Store at: itms://itunes.apple.com/us/app/teh-internets-when-memes-attack/id340742593?mt=8

You can see video, screenshots, and more details at: http://www.insurgentgames.com/teh-internets/

Patches are welcome.

Game Description
----------------

Brace yourself for an iPhone lolpocalypse! In teh internets you travel through the wilds of the net in your roflcopter collecting adorable lolcats, dodging annoying popup windows, and feeding the trolls cheezburgers in this action-arcade cyberspace-shooter time reaction game. Expect to get smashed with internet memes.

Objects in the world of teh internets include:

* Adorable lolcats
* Obnoxious popup windows
* Average trolls (get smaller when you feed them)
* Viruses (virii?)
* Ruthless trolls (get bigger when you feed them)
* Flaming trolls (get bigger and shoot insults at you)
* Firewalls
* Lollerskaters (for extra lives!)

teh internets uses OpenFeint for global leaderboards and achievements! There are a total of 23 achievements to unlock, ranging from “n00bs first lolcat”, to “i can has cheezburger”, to “imma let you finish!”; and there are 9 different leaderboards to compete on. ZOMG this game is the awesome sauce.

Insurgent Games
---------------

Insurgent Games was founded in 2009 by Micah Lee and Crystal Mayer out of their San Francisco studio apartment. For a couple of years they made iPhone and Android games while doing other work on the side. They quickly realized that unless you're incredibly lucky, it's hard to make enough money doing indie mobile game development to pay San Francisco rent, and so Micah got a full time job and Crystal moved on to other things.

Now, several years later, Micah works for the Electronic Frontier Foundation defending internet users from evil (https://www.eff.org/files/xkcd_comic.png), and Crystal is a freelance web designer (http://moonsprocket.com/). But Insurgent Games is dormant.

Since we're not working on the games anymore, we decided to release them to the community where maybe they can thrive and be reborn as bigger and better things. All of our games are licensed under the GNU General Public License.

Commit message:

fixed typo, added twitter links to readme

README.md, after:

teh internets - When Memes Attack
=================================

teh internets is a (cyber)space shooter of epic proportions, written in Objective-C using cocos2d-iphone. It's available in the iOS App Store at: itms://itunes.apple.com/us/app/teh-internets-when-memes-attack/id340742593?mt=8

You can see video, screenshots, and more details at: http://www.insurgentgames.com/teh-internets/

Patches are welcome.

Game Description
----------------

Brace yourself for an iPhone lolpocalypse! In teh internets you travel through the wilds of the net in your roflcopter collecting adorable lolcats, dodging annoying popup windows, and feeding the trolls cheezburgers in this action-arcade cyberspace-shooter time reaction game. Expect to get smashed with internet memes.

Objects in the world of teh internets include:

* Adorable lolcats
* Obnoxious popup windows
* Average trolls (get smaller when you feed them)
* Viruses (virii?)
* Ruthless trolls (get bigger when you feed them)
* Flaming trolls (get bigger and shoot insults at you)
* Firewalls
* Lollerskaters (for extra lives!)

teh internets uses OpenFeint for global leaderboards and achievements! There are a total of 23 achievements to unlock, ranging from “n00bs first lolcat”, to “i can has cheezburger”, to “imma let you finish!”; and there are 9 different leaderboards to compete on. ZOMG this game is the awesome sauce.

Insurgent Games
---------------

Insurgent Games was founded in 2009 by Micah Lee and Crystal Mayer out of their San Francisco studio apartment. For a couple of years they made iPhone and Android games while doing other work on the side. They quickly realized that unless you're incredibly lucky, it's hard to make enough money doing indie mobile game development to pay San Francisco rent, and so Micah got a full time job and Crystal moved on to other things.

Now, several years later, Micah works for the Electronic Frontier Foundation defending internet users from evil (https://www.eff.org/files/xkcd_comic.png), and Crystal is a freelance web designer (http://moonsprocket.com/). But Insurgent Games is dormant.

Since we're not working on the games anymore, we decided to release them to the community where maybe they can thrive and be reborn as bigger and better things. All of our games are licensed under the GNU General Public License.

Follow Micah on Twitter: https://twitter.com/#!/micahflee
Follow Insurgent Games on Twitter: https://twitter.com/#!/insurgentgames
